docs(core): restrict plugin inferred tasks (#22986)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/reference/nx-json.md

}
```

### Restrict Plugin Inferred Tasks

> You can limit which projects are processed by Nx plugins to infer tasks using the `include` and `exclude` properties in the plugin configuration object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can scope which files are processed by Nx plugins to infer tasks using the `include` and `exclude` properties in the plugin configuration object.
```

I also think the section above can go into a little more details about how plugins work in general.

Specifically that they analyze files. Without that preface, i feel this section is kind of out of the blue talking about files getting processed or not processed and it's confusing.

```jsonc {% fileName="nx.json" %}
{
  "plugins": [
    {
      "plugin": "@nx/jest/plugin",
      "include": ["packages/**/*"], // include any projects in the packages folder
      "exclude": ["**/*-e2e/**/*"] // exclude any projects in a *-e2e folder
    }
  ]
}
```

> The `include` and `exclude` properties are each file glob patterns that are used to include or exclude the configuration file that the plugin is interpreting. In the example provided, the `@nx/jest` plugin will only infer tasks for projects where the `jest.config.ts` file path both matches the `packages/**/*` glob and does not match the `**/*-e2e/**/*` glob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `include` and `exclude` properties are each file glob patterns that are used to include or exclude the configuration file that the plugin is interpreting. In the example provided, the `@nx/jest/plugin` plugin will only infer tasks for projects where the `jest.config.ts` file path matches the `packages/**/*` glob but does not match the `**/*-e2e/**/*` glob.
```
